•	INTRODUCTION:– 

                    The stock market is a vast array of investors and traders who buy and sell stock, pushing the price up or down. The prices of stocks are governed by the principles of demand and supply, and the ultimate goal of buying shares is to make money by buying stocks in companies whose perceived value (i.e., share price) is expected to rise. Stock markets are closely linked with the world of economics the rise and fall of share prices can be traced back to some Key Performance Indicators (KPI's). The five most commonly used KPI's are the opening stock price (Open), end-of-day price (Close), intraday low price (Low), intra-day peak price (High), and total volume of stocks traded during the day (Volume).

                    In share market, there are many factors that drive the share price, and the pattern of the change of price is not regular. This is why it is tough to take a robust decision on future price. Artificial Neural Network (ANN) has the capability to learn from the past data and make the decision over future.
Algorithm predictions and models can be used to make future predictions applied to historical data. Predicting the future has been a daunting task, one that many have found difficult to understand. This type of prediction is even more appealing when it involves money and risks such as Stock Market speculation. Researchers are conducting research on stock market forecasts from a variety of fields, including computer science and business. Researchers have tried a variety of methods to predict the market, including different strategies and algorithms and the combination of indicators. 

                   The attribute that makes a prediction model depends on factors on which market performance can depend. Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) is one of a variety of RNNs structures. LSTM replaces traditional artificial neurons in the hidden network layer into the most useful memory cells. With these memory cells, networks are able to better associate memory with remote input over time, which is why it is worthwhile to understand the formation of strong data over time with great predictive power. A lot of research has been done on stock price forecasts on a daily basis, using different data sources with many built-in models such as news articles, twitter data, google and Wikipedia data. All of these external factors combined with stock prices and stock technology indicators have shown an impact on stock price movements. How to improve the accuracy of stock prices is an open question in today's society. Time series data is a sequence of data from the occasional behaviour of certain fields such as social science, finance, engineering, physics and economics. Finance, engineering, physics, and economics. Those types of complexity make it very difficult to predict price trends. The main purpose of predicting a series of time series is to construct future value simulation models given their past values.
